intro (#41)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: article/Introduction/introduction.tex

\section{Introduction}
Recommendation systems aim to alleviate the problem of information overload when browsing the web.
They are widely used for eg. in online shopping where the number of items available can be overwhelming.

> By looking at the data of the current user the recommendation system can give a certain number of items that it thinks the user would like, thereby greatly reducing the unnecessary information shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By looking at the data of the current user the recommendation system can predict a certain number of items that it thinks the user would like, thereby greatly reducing the unnecessary information shown.
```

> There are different ways to achieve this where one of the most common ways is using collaborative filtering (CF).

Reviewer: Er der en kilde på det ?

\\
CF is based on the concept that users that act similarly will most likely have the same preferences, meaning users who have bought the same things and liked the same things will in the future most likely have an interest in the same products.

> This is most often done by learning latent features of items and users to represent them, this is also called embedding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is most often done by learning latent features of items and users to represent them, this is also called embeddings.
```

> One of the earlier models for CF is Matrix Factorization (MF) where the users and items are embedded as vectors and the dot-product of the vectors is then used to make predictions of what items users would like \cite{Matrix-factorization-techniques}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the earlier models for CF is Matrix Factorization (MF) where the users and items are embedded as vectors and the dot-product of the vectors is then used to make predictions of which items users would like \cite{Matrix-factorization-techniques}.
```

\\

> More recent CF models utilize graph convolutional networks (GCN's) to better capture the collaborative signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More recent CF models utilize graph convolutional networks (GCN's) to better capture the collaborative signals.
```

> Models like Neural Graph Collaborative Filtering (NGCF) integrate the bipartite graph structure, that is the user-item-interactions, into the embedding process to capture the collaborative signal\cite{NGCF_2019}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models like Neural Graph Collaborative Filtering (NGCF) integrate the bipartite graph structure, that is the user-item-interactions, into the embedding process to capture the collaborative signals\cite{NGCF_2019}.
```

\section{Introduction}

> Recommendation systems are systems which aims to alleviate the problem of information overload when browsing the web.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recommendation systems aim to alleviate the problem of information overload when browsing the web.
```

> Recommendation systems are widely used for eg. online shopping where the amount of items available can be overwhelming.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recommendation systems are widely used for eg. in online shopping where the number of items available can be overwhelming.
```

> By looking at the data of the current user the recommendation system can give a certain number of items which it thinks the user would like, thereby greatly reducing the unnecessary information shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By looking at the data of the current user the recommendation system can give a certain number of items that it thinks the user would like, thereby greatly reducing the unnecessary information shown.
```

There are different ways to achieve this where one of the most common ways is using collaborative filtering (CF).
\\

> CF is based on the concept that users that act similarly will most likely have the same preferences, meaning users who have bought the same things and liked the same things will in the future most likely have interest in the same products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CF is based on the concept that users that act similarly will most likely have the same preferences, meaning users who have bought the same things and liked the same things will in the future most likely have an interest in the same products.
```

This is most often done by learning latent features of items and users to represent them, this is also called embedding.

> \\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> One of the earlier models for CF is Matrix Factorization (MF) where the users and items is embedded as vectors and the dot-product of the vectors is then used to make predictions of what items users would like.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the earlier models for CF is Matrix Factorization (MF) where the users and items are embedded as vectors and the dot-product of the vectors is then used to make predictions of what items users would like.
```

> One of the earlier models for CF is Matrix Factorization (MF) where the users and items is embedded as vectors and the dot-product of the vectors is then used to make predictions of what items users would like.

Reviewer 2: Vi kunne indsætte en kilde her til matrix factorization

\\
More recent CF models utilize graph convolutional networks (GCN's) to better capture the collaborative signal.
Models like Neural Graph Collaborative Filtering (NGCF) integrate the bipartite graph structure, that is the user-item-interactions, into the embedding process to capture the collaborative signal\cite{NGCF_2019}.

> \\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

A later model called LightGCN simplifies NGCF, removing feature transformation and the activation function.

> Doing this it achieves state of the art performance\cite{lightgcn}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing this achieved state-of-the-art performance, as they showed that feature transformation and activation functions were not beneficial for recommendation \cite{lightgcn}.
```

\\
One of the major components of GCN's is the layer combination.

> GCN's start with a simple embedding of just the adjacency matrix and afterwards propagates through it to form new layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GCN's start with a simple embedding of just the adjacency matrix and afterward propagates through it to form new layers.
```

> In the end these layers are combined to create the final embedding, the most common ways to combine these layers is by using concatenation or the weighted summation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the end, these layers are combined to create the final embedding, the most common ways to combine these layers is by using concatenation or the weighted summation.
```

\\

> To our knowledge there has not been done any work on optimizing this process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To our knowledge, there has not been done any work on optimizing this process.
```

In this paper we have looked into what effect changing the layer combination method has on the performance of the LightGCN model.

> We have come up with different methods called ALC and BLC which ranks how much effect each layer should have in the final embedding to achieve better performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have come up with different methods called ALC and BLC which rank how much effect each layer should have in the final embedding to achieve better performance.
```

We have also seen that utilizing only one layer and disregarding the rest can also lead to performance increase.
\\

> In this paper we have also done an ablation study to better under stand how GCF the non transfer learning version BiTGCF can outperform LightGCN in their paper.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this paper, we have also done an ablation study to better understand how GCF the non-transfer learning version BiTGCF can outperform LightGCN in their paper.
```
